[footsteps]
[RUDEUS]
We'd better hurry.
We'll be late
for our next class.
-Go, then! [chuckles]
-[yelps]
-Hey, stop--
-Come on, mush!
-[munching]
-[PURSENA gasps]
[PURSENA]
Hey, wait!
-Don't eat it, that's mine!
-[growls]
-[PURSENA groans]
-[ARIEL chuckles]
[SYLPHIETTE] Is that
the kind of girl Rudy likes?
[groans] It's too depressing
[SYLPHIETTE]
Ow!
Sylphie, you turn
to stare at Rudeus
every time he goes past,
you realize.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Should I not?
You can, there's nothing wrong
with it, per se.
But it's sad.
You feel so strongly for him,
and yet he's forgotten you
completely, hasn't he?
Well, I don't know,
he may remember.
I still haven't told him my name
or anything yet.
[ARIEL, LUKE gasp]
You're kidding.
Even after spending
all that time together?
Of course not, how could I?
If it turns out
he really has forgotten me,
I, I don't know what I'll do.
Goodness, you're hopeless.
Well, Highness, any ideas?
Let's see here.
Hm.
[ARIEL]
Sylphie.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Hm?
I won't try to rush you
into anything with Rudeus, okay?
But I encourage you
to tell him how you feel,
even if you'd rather have
"Fitz" do it.
Ah...
[sighs]
[RUDEUS] The more
I study the Mana Disaster,
the more it seems to me
that teleportation works
a lot like summoning.
But whereas summoning
calls things to you,
teleportation sends them away.
And there are a couple
of other major differences.
Namely,
or most insurmountably...
you can't summon people.
[thuds]
Hey, Master Fitz,
do you know if there are
any summoning experts
here on campus?
Mm? Oh, are you asleep?
[gasps]
No, sorry, I heard you.
Um...
Oh! Yes, we do have one here!
I can't believe it took me
so long to think of them.
Who?
Well, who do you think?
I'd be surprised if you hadn't
at least heard their name
a couple of times.
I don't know.
Come on, just tell me!
Mm-hm.
One of the special students,
Silent Seven Star.
[scoffs]
[RUDEUS] I've heard more
than just the name.
Apparently, they've done a lot
for this school.
They improved
the dining hall menus,
designed our uniforms,
and even invented blackboards.
[SILENT SEVEN STAR humming]
[RUDEUS] Everything
they've done makes this place
feel a little more
like my old world.
-[SILENT SEVEN STAR humming]
-[tapping]
Sounds like a plan, then.
Know where I can find them?
[footsteps]
[knocking on door]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR]
Come in.
[door creaking]
[door slams]
[gasps]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR]
We meet again.
[thuds]
[shrieks]
[hyperventilating]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR] Screaming
at the sight of someone's face
isn't very polite.
[gasps]
[thuds]
[SYLPHIETTE humming]
[RUDEUS] That touch,
so gentle, and so familiar?
[SYLPHIETTE]
Ah!
[SYLPHIETTE SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[gasps]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[gasps]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[footsteps]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[gasps]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[gasps]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR] Second,
do you understand this language?
[gasps]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR] Third,
which one of these two are you?
-I'm neither of them.
-[gasps]
I don't recognize those names.
[gasps]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR]
I see.
But you do speak the language.
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SILENT SEVEN STAR SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
So... You're like me, then.
[RUDEUS] In my very last memory
of my past life,
I saw a truck
about to hit a high school girl,
who looked exactly like her.
Yes, my real name is Nanahoshi.
Nanahoshi Shizuka.
I'm Japanese.
So where did you come from?
You're obviously Caucasian.
American? Or, European?
Oh, but you could read
those Japanese names.
[NANAHOSHI]
Are you mixed-race?
Either way, this is a huge step.
Whew! I knew sparing you
was the right choice.
I actually suspected
something like this
the moment Orsted said
he didn't recognize you.
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-It's nice to meet you!
Oh, right.
What's your name? Your real one.
-[RUDEUS] Ru... Rudeus.
-Hm?
[RUDEUS]
I'm just Rudeus Greyrat.
Right, but that's your alias
here in this world, right?
What's your--? Oh!
You must be nervous.
Guess I can't blame you,
considering everything
you've been through.
But look,
you don't have to worry.
I'm on your side, okay?
I can't tell you
how relieved I am to know
that I'm not the only one
who got sent here.
And I bet if we work together,
we'll be able
to make it back home.
Yeah?
[exhales]
I can't.
What? Why not?
[gasps]
[RUDEUS]
I won't.
I don't want to go back
to that world.
Never again.
[SYLPHIETTE SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
I've no interest
in remaining in this world.
I don't want to put
my "modern knowledge"
to use here,
like
I'm in some lame fantasy manga
or light novel.
We may have come
from the same world,
but I was born into this one.
I grew up outside Asura.
I have friends and family
in this world.
[NANAHOSHI exhales]
[NANAHOSHI] "Reincarnation,"
I suppose you'd call that.
I was more or less teleported.
So we're not the same.
I was on my way to school
with friends
when a truck came at us.
Before I knew it, I was here.
What about you?
Pretty much
the same sort of thing.
At least, I think.
It was a traffic accident.
[NANAHOSHI]
I see.
And the next thing you knew,
you were a baby?
I got dumped in the middle
of the Asura Kingdom.
Then Orsted took me
under his protection.
Did he ever tell you why?
[NANAHOSHI]
No.
But it doesn't seem like
he's the one who summoned me.
[footsteps]
I spent two years in Asura
learning the Human language
since I obviously
didn't know it.
Speaking, reading, writing.
Mm...
[NANAHOSHI]
After that,
he took me on a journey
around the world.
Orsted has enemies everywhere,
so the fights were constant.
Attacking you
was nothing special,
but you seemed different
from the others.
So I asked Orsted
to bring you back.
[sighs]
Wait, maybe you know.
What's the deal
with the Man-God?
Why exactly are they at war?
[NANAHOSHI] He said
it's a personal grudge, but...
beyond that,
I don't have any idea.
[RUDEUS]
If it's personal,
I wish he wouldn't drag me
into it.
[RUDEUS sighs]
[NANAHOSHI]
Man-God aside.
Orsted took me
all over the world
to gather data for my return,
and to look for the two guys
in that note.
After about a year,
I enrolled here.
The entire world in one year?
[NANAHOSHI]
Yes, using a special method.
[RUDEUS]
And that would be?
[NANAHOSHI]
Uh...
Do you know
about teleportation circles?
Only by name.
Although, I thought I read
that they no longer existed.
[NANAHOSHI]
You can still find some intact,
in ruins
of the Human-Demon Wars.
[RUDEUS]
Ruins?
Where are they?
[NANAHOSHI]
Sorry,
I'm not allowed
to tell you that.
[RUDEUS]
"Not allowed"?
[NANAHOSHI]
No,
but since I just followed
Orsted around,
it's not like I remember.
Fair enough.
So, did you ever stumble
on any leads?
[NANAHOSHI]
No, but I did meet someone
who told me
in no uncertain terms...
that while it may not have been
Orsted...
I must have been summoned
by someone.
[gasps]
How would they know that?
Who told you?
[NANAHOSHI]
I can't say.
They asked me not to tell anyone
I'd met them.
[RUDEUS]
Oh.
[NANAHOSHI]
Look,
we're foreign objects
to this world.
If we do anything
to significantly alter
its history,
we could be erased
from existence.
So I only do what I have to,
and I don't share information
unless it helps me personally.
[RUDEUS]
What do you mean "erased"?
[NANAHOSHI]
Haven't you read sci-fi?
It happens all the time.
[RUDEUS]
That's usually portrayed
as a side effect of time travel,
though.
Whatever.
[RUDEUS] So, you're researching
magic circles?
[NANAHOSHI]
Yes.
I taught myself using
the university's books.
This people of this world
are kind of set in their ways.
No one really believes
what I want to do is possible,
so I can't expect them
to teach me much.
And it doesn't help
that they all just assume
I have mana.
-[RUDEUS] Oh. You don't?
-[NANAHOSHI] Nope.
I have zero mana to speak of.
I take it that means
you do have some, then?
[RUDEUS]
Yes.
[NANAHOSHI]
Because you were reincarnated,
I guess.
Everything native to this world
has some degree of mana in it.
Even dead bodies.
[NANAHOSHI]
Oh, and...
This might not apply
to you either, but...
I've been in this world
for five years now...
and I don't seem to age.
That sounds like
a bit of a silver lining.
[NANAHOSHI scoffs]
I suppose it's better
than growing old
in a strange land, at least.
[sighs]
Well, that's my story.
So?
Do you trust me
a little more now?
[sighs]
I do.
[NANAHOSHI]
Okay. Then let's make a deal.
I have no mana to speak of,
and no way to defend myself.
I don't age,
but I'm probably not immortal.
[RUDEUS]
Right.
[NANAHOSHI] I honestly
can't stand this world.
None of it feels real to me.
The food is atrocious.
Everything is morally dubious
and inconvenient.
And I left people behind
in our old world.
What about you?
[RUDEUS]
Me?
I actually like this world.
I don't want to go back.
[NANAHOSHI]
You didn't leave behind
a family or anything?
I have no regrets. I'm home.
[NANAHOSHI]
Huh...
You must have had
a good, long life, then.
[footsteps]
[thuds]
[NANAHOSHI] Well,
we clearly have different goals,
there's no denying that,
but we both have something
to offer each other.
So, let's negotiate.
What do I have to offer you?
[NANAHOSHI]
I just told you.
Huh?
-[NANAHOSHI] Mana.
-[gasps]
You help me with my experiments,
and I'll teach you
what you want to know,
or find someone who can.
So, you're basically
just looking
for a give-and-take
relationship.
[NANAHOSHI]
Yes.
[sighs]
[RUDEUS]
I understand.
Let's do it.
I'm happy to accept.
[NANAHOSHI]
Ah, glad to hear it.
But just so we're clear,
no backing out or changing
your mind later, okay?
A man's word is his bond.
[NANAHOSHI]
Uh?
[sighs] It's kind of nice
to hear a saying
from home like that.
[sighs]
[NANAHOSHI clears throat]
[NANAHOSHI]
Shall we get right to it?
What do you want to know?
I hear that you're investigating
the Displacement Incident.
I am, but who told you that?
[NANAHOSHI, RUDEUS]
Hm?
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
Hm.
Nanahoshi, will you continue
in the local language?
[NANAHOSHI]
All right.
[NANAHOSHI] I don't know
the specifics, of course.
But the Incident
closely coincided
with the moment
I arrived in this world.
Meaning what?
Huh?
[NANAHOSHI] It was probably
a side effect or backlash
of whatever brought me here.
[NANAHOSHI]
So...
Honestly,
I might have caused it.
[gasps]
[RUDEUS]
Part of me saw that coming.
The pieces fit together
too neatly
for it to be chance.
I'm mostly just relieved
it wasn't my fault.
[inhales] So it was you!
[NANAHOSHI grunts]
[SYLPHIETTE gasps and strains]
[gasps]
[shouts]
[straining]
Do you have any idea
how much we suffered?
My mom and dad died
because of you!
[NANAHOSHI]
Hey! Quit staring and help me!
-[SYLPHIETTE panting]
-Master Fitz!
-How many people died?
-It's okay! Calm down!
No! Why?
She just admitted
it was her fault!
Why would you hold me back?
You suffered, too!
I know you suffered
just like the rest of us!
I know, I'm sorry.
We didn't explain this
clearly enough.
She didn't choose to come here!
She's a victim, too!
Ah...
Is that true?
[whimpers]
I misunderstood.
[NANAHOSHI]
I'm sorry.
I could have phrased that
better.
Forgive me.
No.
I apologize
for jumping to conclusions.
[NANAHOSHI]
Anyway,
I don't know much more
about the incident itself.
Not who
would have brought me here,
or what they hoped to gain,
or why it led
to such a disaster.
[RUDEUS] What did Orsted have
to say about it?
[NANAHOSHI]
That it'd never happened before.
That's all.
[RUDEUS]
Okay.
I feel like the Man-God told me,
it was Orsted's fault, though.
[RUDEUS] Then, why did you say
that you caused it?
[NANAHOSHI]
Well, I did, in a sense.
And I wanted to get that fact
out in the open right away.
Don't need anyone using it
against me down the road.
Mm...
I understand.
[NANAHOSHI]
Anyway, I have a plan
to move forward
with my research from here,
and if my work succeeds,
I should be able to explain
the mass teleportation
logically, at least.
But to even get that far,
I'll need a lot of mana.
[RUDEUS]
I see.
So I must be a godsend, then.
[NANAHOSHI]
"A godsend"?
[chuckles] You may be right.
That's about enough for today.
I need
to think some things over.
Can I come back in a few days?
[NANAHOSHI]
Okay.
I'm tired from talking so much,
anyway.
[sighs]
I'll see you around.
[footsteps]
[SYLPHIETTE]
Rudeus.
What do you think about her,
really?
Hm?
To be honest,
some things about her
rub me the wrong way.
But for the time being,
I trust her.
Is that so?
Well...
All right.
I trust you.
[footsteps]
[RUDEUS] You were worried
about me, weren't you?
Thank you.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Oh, no, I wasn't exactly.
Well... yes.
You're welcome.
[sighs]